# Tableau-Projects
# This repository has the tableau dashboard projects which i have done during my entire learning process
# 1. airbnb analysis using tablau:-
Examined price distribution, regional trends, and zip code patterns. Conducted detailed time series analysis of revenue over a one-year period. Applied data visualization techniques to present insights effectively. To gather requirements and align with business goals. Enhanced skills in data cleaning, transformation, and visualization. Demonstrated ability to translate raw data into meaningful insights.Examined price distribution, regional trends, and zip code patterns. Conducted detailed time series analysis of revenue over a one-year period. Applied data visualization techniques to present insights effectively. To gather requirements and align with business goals. Enhanced skills in data cleaning, transformation, and visualization. Demonstrated ability to translate raw data into meaningful insights.…see more
Skills: Tableau · Analytical Skills · Data Analytics · Data Analysis · Microsoft Excel
# 2.Data Science Jobs analysis:-
 *Explored:-Analyzed various job positions in the data science field based on employment type, average salary, and location. Uncovered the highest paying job profiles and mapped 
 out the salary ranges across different roles. Identified top companies hiring for data science roles, with a breakdown by company size and location.
 *Key Insights:-
 Full-time positions dominate the data science job market, constituting of the roles analyzed.
The average salary for data science roles ranges annually, with senior roles earning the highest. The "Data Science Lead" role emerged as the highest paying job profile, with an average salary. Top hiring companies based on city and region.*Explored:- Analyzed various job positions in the data science field based on employment type, average salary, and location. Uncovered the highest paying job profiles and mapped out the salary ranges across different roles. Identified top companies hiring for data science roles, with a breakdown by company size and location. *Key Insights:- Full-time positions dominate the data science job market, constituting of the roles analyzed. The average salary for data science roles ranges annually, with senior roles earning the highest. The "Data Science Lead" role emerged as the highest paying job profile, with an average salary. Top hiring companies based on city and region.
Skills: Tableau · Data Analysis · Microsoft Excel
